[DM-30697] Update token documentation for new UI (#17)
lsst-dm/nb_lsst_io: src/environment/tokens.rst

The Notebook Aspect of the Rubin Observatory Science Platform provides access tokens for interacting with other services provided by the Science Platform.
An example is the TAP service provided by the API Aspect.
When interacting with authenticated services for within the Notebook Aspect you typically doesn't need to interact with the access tokens since the various clients are able to pick up the token from your user environment.
If you want to access services from a local machine (for example, to access the TAP service from `TOPCAT`_), you will need to create an access token for that purpose.

> This page will give you an introduction to the access token, where to create onefor use from a local machine, and how to use it in an environment outside the Notebook Aspect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page will give you an introduction to the access token, where to create one for use from a local machine, and how to use it in an environment outside the Notebook Aspect.
```

The functionality is present, but the UI design is not yet complete.
This will be improved in later development.

The Notebook Aspect access token
================================

Whenever you log on to the Notebook Aspect, an access token will be generated for you and stored in your home space in the Notebook Aspect.
This token is time-limited and will be refreshed when you log out and log back in.
The token is stored in the file ``~/.access_token`` so that it can be accessed by notebooks and used to authenticate to other Science Platform services.

The environment includes a notebook, at ``~/notebooks/notebook-demo/token-info.ipynb``, that allows you to inspect that token.
Executing the two cells in the notebook will provide information about token creation time and lifetime among other things.
You will note from the above notebook that the token is also provided as the value of the environment variable ``ACCESS_TOKEN``, but the file version should be considered primary.

Using a token outside the Science Platform
==========================================

If you want to use an access token from your local system, you can create a new one.

> You can restrict what that token is able to do to only the services that you need to access, give the token a name, and configure its expiration (or set it to not expire).

Reviewer 2: Maybe use a bullet list to make it more readable?
---
At creation time you can:

- restrict access to only the services you need
- give the token a name
- configure the expiration including setting it to not expire
